Remove unnecessary requirements for hxi repository extension (#21)
Alfresco/alfresco-ansible-collection: roles/hxi_connector/README.md

hxi.connector.source-id=
```

> More information can be found in the official [Alfresco Connector for Content Intelligence](https://support.hyland.com/r/Content-Innovation-Cloud/Alfresco-Connector-for-Content-Intelligence/1.0/Alfresco-Connector-for-Content-Intelligence/Documentation-Notice) docs.

Reviewer: Docs team asked us to not add "deep links". The link below at least has a link to the Alfresco connector odc
```suggestion
More information can be found in the official [Alfresco Connector for Content
Intelligence](https://support.hyland.com/p/contentintel) docs.
```
